[FIX] deploy.rst: nginx config for static files (#2902)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/install/deploy.rst

.. example::
   Say Odoo has been installed via the **source**, and the two git repositories for Community and
   Enterprise has been cloned in :file:`/opt/odoo/community` and :file:`/opt/odoo/enterprise`. The

>    addons paths is ``/opt/odoo/community/odoo/addons,/opt/community/odoo/addons,/opt/odoo/enterprise``.

Reviewer: Optional but worth it IMO
```suggestion
   :option:`--addons-path <odoo-bin --addons-path>` is ``/opt/odoo/community/odoo/addons,/opt/community/odoo/addons,/opt/odoo/enterprise``.
```

>    Enterprise has been cloned in :file:`/opt/odoo/community` and :file:`/opt/odoo/enterprise`. The
>    addons paths is ``/opt/odoo/community/odoo/addons,/opt/community/odoo/addons,/opt/odoo/enterprise``.
>    Using the above NGINX (https) configuragion, the following location block should be added to
>    serve static files via NGINX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enterprise have been cloned in :file:`/opt/odoo/community` and :file:`/opt/odoo/enterprise`. The
   addons paths is ``/opt/odoo/community/odoo/addons,/opt/community/odoo/addons,/opt/odoo/enterprise``.
   Using the above NGINX (https) configuration, the following location block should be added to
   serve static files via NGINX.
```
